RALPH: Da-da-da-da! Da-da-da-da! Da-da-da-daaa!

The logo fades to black-and-white and scrolls off-screen. The Moon comes into shot. A spacecraft flies over the surface and lands on the Moon, to the music from "2001: A Space Odyssey". Scratchy climbs down the side of the craft, making his way onto the Moon's surface. He takes big strides across to an American flag, next to which Itchy is standing.

SCRATCHY: We come in peace, for cats and mice everywhere.

Itchy removes the flagpole from the surface and stabs Scratchy in the chest several times; Scratchy screams each time. Itchy hits him over the head several times, breaking his space helmet and causing his head to expand and pop. Itchy points and laughs at him, then goes back to the ship and flies back to Earth.

A newspaper, The Washington Post, spins into view. It reads, "MOUSE HERO RETURNS" with the subtitle, "Did Everything To Save Cat". A second headline reads, "A WIDOW MOURNS".

A parade fills the street with blue mice not unlike Itchy, who rides in a car. "Itchy for President" and "Itchy/Hillary '08" banners can be seen.

ITCHY: Hey, how you doin'? Good to see ya. Thanks for coming out.

It seems Itchy does become President. One night he is eating cheese n the White House and hears Scratchy's voice.

SCRATCHY: (echoing) Itchy... Itchy...

Itchy looks up at the Moon with binoculars. Scratchy is still there, lying on the ground; he holds up a placard, reading "I'm Telling". After much deliberation, Itchy decides what to do - launch missiles at the moon. He opens up a secret government machine and sets it to "Accidental Launch".

Hundreds of rockets are fired towards the Moon. As they close in on him, Scratchy screams with his mouth wide open. All the rockets enter his mouth and swell him up. One final rocket flies in close, stops, then opens a compartment in the front. A boot comes out and kicks Scratchy, causing him to explode into pieces.

Homer's head appears in front of the screen.

HOMER: Boring!

LISA: Dad! We can't see the movie.

We see that the family are in a movie theatre, along with many other Springfield citizens.

HOMER: I can't believe we're paying to see something we get on TV for free. (gesturing) If you ask me everyone in this theatre is a giant sucker. (points at camera) Especially you!

Homer's image fades as the traditional Simpsons opening begins...

CHORUS
The Simpsons...

Professor Frink flies a contraption across the screen from right to left, dragging a large banner saying "MOVIE".

FRINK: (singing) Movie! On the big screen...

The camera flies through the 'O' of 'MOVIE' and we take a trip through Springfield. We pass various scenery before entering Mr. Burns' mansion. Smithers applies toothpaste to Burns' toothbrush, causing him to fall over from the weight.

Past Moe's and down the street is the Kwik-E-Mart, where Apu is changing the expiry date on a carton of milk.

Outside Springfield Elementary School, Jimbo, Kearney and Dolph hoist Martin up the flagpole by his underpants. They salute as Martin screams. Inside his classroom, Bart writes "I WILL NOT ILLEGALLY DOWNLOAD THIS MOVIE." on the blackboard.

We fade into a crowd scene at Springfield Lake at night. Green Day are playing as part of the "Duff Summer Concert Series". Mrs. Krabappel is on Principal Skinner's shoulders; she opens her sweater to reveal a T-Shirt with a downward arrow and the words "Not My Boyfriend". Comic Book Guy is trying to crowd surf, much to the crowd's displeasure.

COMIC BOOK GUY: Excuse me, my hinie is dipping!

They crowd drops him. Billie Joe Armstrong from Green Day sings "da-da-da" to the final part of the Simpsons tune, following his teleprompter.

BILLIE JOE ARMSTRONG: Alright, well thanks a lot for coming. We've been playing for three and a half hours, now we'd like just a minute of your time to say something about the environment.

There is a deathly silence, followed by huge boos from the Springfieldians. They start throwing things at Green Day.

BARNEY: Preachy!

BILLIE JOE ARMSTRONG: We're not being preachy!

FRANK EDWIN WRIGHT III: But the pollution in your lake - it's dissolving our barge!

Moe is sat in a deck chair. Lisa is stood next to him.

LISA: I thought they touched on a vital issue.

MOE: I beg to differ.

He throws a rock at the stage, which penetrates the bass drum and hits Frank in the crotch.

FRANK EDWIN WRIGHT III: Oh!

MICHAEL PRITCHARD: Gentlemen, it's been an honour playing with you tonight.

Green Day put down their instruments and bring out violins as the barge sinks. Lisa looks on woefully.

EXT. First Church of Springfield, daytime. A billboard outside reads "THOU SHALT TURN OFF THY CELL PHONE". Inside, Mrs. Glick plays "American Idiot: Funeral Version" on the organ.

LOVEJOY: For the latest rock band to die in our town. Lord, hear our prayer.

CONGREGATION: Lord, hear our prayer.

Car tyres screech to a halt outside. We see the Simpsons' silhouettes as the family make their way to the church door. Their conversation can also be heard.

MARGE: I hate being late!

HOMER: Well I hate going. Why can't I worship the Lord in my own way, by praying like hell on my death bed.

MARGE: Homer, they can hear you inside!

HOMER: Relax! Those pious morons are too busy talking to their phoney-baloney God!

The family enter the church to total silence and angry looks. They make their way to their pew.

HOMER: How ya doin'? Peace be with you. Praise Jebus.

The family sit down next to Grampa who is already there, sleeping. Bart brings out a Gameboy-like device and plays a game called 'Baby Blast'. Maggie notices and angrily pulls the game cartridge from the Gameboy.

LOVEJOY: Now today I'd like to try something a little different. I'm gonna call on one of you!

He points at the congregation, who gasp in shock, then cower.

LOVEJOY: Now the word of God dwells within everyone, I want you to let that word out! Let your spirit--

NED: (raising arm) Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

LOVEJOY: (sighs) What is it, Ned?

NED: The good Lord is telling me to confess to something.

HOMER: (quietly, with fingers crossed) Gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay, gay...

NED: An immodest sense of pride in our community.

LOVEJOY: Somebody else. Let the Lord's light shine upon you!

Cut to Grampa, still asleep. Light shines through the window behind him. Grampa leans forward but the beam of light follows him. His eyes open and he slowly stands.

LOVEJOY: Feel the spirit. Let it out!

Grampa suddenly springs to life, possessed.

GRAMPA: Horrible! Horrible things are going to happen! (he starts pointing) And they're going to happen to you, and you, and you... (points at Marge) and you! Oh nelly!

He falls to the floor, writhing. Comic Book Guy calmly starts recording him with a camera phone.

GRAMPA: People of Springfield! Heed this warning. Twisted tail! A thousand eyes! Trapped forever!!

He 'walks' in a circle on the floor, making noises.

LISA: Dad, do something!

Homer picks up a Bible and quickly flicks through it.

HOMER: This book doesn't have any answers!

GRAMPA: Beware! Beware! Time is short. Eeepa! Eeepa! Eeeeeeepaaaaa! (falls to floor again) Believe me! Believe me!

Homer rolls his father up in the aisle rug and drags him out of the church, still moaning.

GRAMPA: Thanks for listening!

EXT. The drive home. In the car, Marge gives Grampa (still wrapped in the rug) a puzzled look.

HOMER: Okay! Who want waffles?

BART, LISA, GRAMPA: I do I do I do!

MARGE: Wait a minute, what about Grampa?

BART: I want syrup!

LISA: I want strawberry!

MARGE: Something happened to that man.  

HOMER: I'll tell ya what happened: A certain someone had a senior moment. But that's okay, because we love him, and we got a free rug out of it. (kisses Grampa on the forehead)

MARGE: What is the point of going to church every Sunday, when if someone we love has a genuine religious experience, we ignore it? Right Grampa?

There is a short silence.

GRAMPA: I want bananas on my waffles!

HOMER: I rest my case.

The family pull up at the waffle place.

MARGE: I'm not dropping this.

She gets out the car and heads inside. The rest of the family follow, leaving Grampa behind.

GRAMPA
Wait a minute! I'm still in the car!

HOMER: (returning) Oh. Right.

He opens the car door, winds the window down a bit, then leaves his father.

EXT. The Simpsons home. Homer starts his chores. #1, 'Go to church' is crossed off.

HOMER: (reading) Take out hornet's nest.

The nest is hanging from a tree. Homer pokes it with a broom handle; it falls and he catches it. He places it in Flanders' mail box, and gives it a shake.

HOMER: Check. (reads) Fix sink hole.

There is a hole in the middle of the lawn, which appears to be submerging. Homer pulls the sandbox over it, but the sand starts to sink, too. He places Maggie in the hole; she plugs it nicely.

HOMER: Check. (reads) Reshingle roof?

Homer and Bart are on the roof. Homer is about to hammer a nail in. His thumb covers the nail head.

HOMER: Steady... steady...

Homer suddenly stabs himself in the eye with the back of the hammer.

HOMER: Owww! Owww!

Bart laughs hysterically. Homer pulls the hammer out of his eye.

HOMER: Why you little...! (strangles Bart) I'll teach you to laugh at something that's funny!

Bart struggles free.

BART: You know, we are on the roof. We could have some fun.

HOMER: What kind of fun?

BART: How about a dare contest?

HOMER: That sounds fun. I dare you to... climb the T.V. antennae.

Bart does so.

BART: Piece of cake.

Homer starts shaking the antennae.

HOMER: Earthquake! Earthquake!

They both laugh. Bart is thrown off the antennae and bounces down the roof, grabbing the gutter as he falls. Homer starts shaking the gutter.

HOMER: Aftershock! Aftershock!

NED: (from his garden) Uh, Homer, I don't mean to be a nervis-pervis or anything, but if he falls, couldn't that make your boy a parapleg-a-rino?

HOMER: (hammering the gutter) Shut up, Flanders!

BART: Yeah, shut up, Flanders!

HOMER: Well said, boy. (They high-five, then Homer readies another nail for the gutter) Steady... steady... steady...

The roof suddenly breaks and Homer falls through, and Bart laughs. Inside we can see Grampa reading 'Oatmeal Enthusiast'.

EXT. Springfield street. Lisa is in the distance, going door-to-door.

LISA: (door is answered) Hello. Sorry to bother you on a Sunday, but I'm sure you're as worried about the pollution is Lake Springfield as I am--

The door is slammed in her face. She moves on to the next house.

LISA: Lake Springfield has higher levels of mercury than ev--

The door is slammed in her face again. She moves on to the next house, where an old lady answers.

OLD LADY: Why it's the little girl who saved my cat.

LISA: Lake Springfield--

Again, the door is shut on Lisa. She sighs. As she looks around the street, everyone in their houses closes curtains and slams doors. Captain McCallister shuts the door to his house-boat and drives it away down a conveniently-placed river. Lisa groans again. As she walks past another house, the door opens to Milhouse.

MILHOUSE: Come on over, Lisa. You can canvas me as long as you want.

LISA: Milhouse, you don't care about the environment.

MILHOUSE: Hey! I am very passionate about the planet!

Nelson Muntz appears behind Milhouse with his fist raised.

NELSON: Say global warming is a myth!

MILHOUSE: It's a myth! Further study is needed!

Nelson punches Milhouse in the chest.

NELSON: That's for selling out your beliefs.

Lisa goes to Milhouse to console him.

LISA: Oh, poor Milhouse.

MILHOUSE: (awakens in a daze) Dream coming true...

Lise hears an Irish voice. A young boy is canvassing door-to-door, just like Lisa was.

COLIN: Are you aware that a leaky faucet can waste over--

The door is slammed in his face. Lisa finishes his sentence.

LISA: Two thousand gallons a year!

COLIN: And turning off your lights could save--

LISA: --enough energy to power Pittburgh!

COLIN: And if we just kept our thermostats at sixty-eight in the winter--

LISA: --we'd be free from our dependency on foreign oil in seventeen years!

COLIN: I'm Colin.

LISA: I haven't seen you at school.

COLIN: Just moved here from Ireland. My Dad's a musician.

LISA: Is he--

COLIN: He's not Bono.

LISA: I just thought because you're Irish, and you care about--

COLIN: (angrily) He's not Bono!

LISA: Do you play?

COLIN: Just piano, guitar, trumpet, drums and bass.

LISA: (thinking) He's pure gold! For once in your life, be cool!

COLIN: So, is your name as pretty as your face?

Lisa lets out a loud laugh and faints.

COLIN: You okay there?

Lisa laughs and giggles.

INT. Simpsons kitchen. Marge watches Grampa's ramblings on Comic Book Guy's camera-phone.

GRAMPA: (in video) A twisted tail! A thousand eyes! Trapped forever! Eepa! Eepa!

MARGE: Eepa? What could that be?

COMIC BOOK GUY: I believe it's the sound the green lantern made when Sinestro threw him into a vat of acid. Eeepaa!

MARGE: (unconvined) Yeah... Thanks for coming over.

COMIC BOOK GUY: Thanks for giving me your pregnancy pants. Never known comfort like this.

EXT. Simpsons front lawn. Homer is carrying bricks on his back while Bart shoots at him with a pellet gun.

HOMER: (hit with pellets) D'oh! D'oh! Why did I (hit with more pellets) suggest this? (hit with more pellets)

Meanwhile, an advertising banner scrolls along the bottom of the screen. It reads: WATCH "ARE YOU SMARTER THAN A CELEBRITY?" - WEDNESDAYS ON FOX. THAT'S RIGHT, WE EVEN ADVERTISE SHOWS DURING MOVIES NOW.

A timer dings. Homer drops the bricks off his back.

HOMER: Alright boy, time for the ultimate dare. I dare YOU to skateboard to Krusty Burger - and back - naked!

BART: How naked?

HOMER: Fourth base.

BART: But girls might see my doodle.

HOMER: (taunting) Oh, I see. Then I hereby declare you 'chicken for life'. Every morning you'll wake up to "Good morning chicken!" At your wedding, I'll sing (he sings the wedding anthem in clucking noises; as Bart skateboard past him naked, he makes a surprised clucking sound).

We follow Bart's skateboarding journey through Springfield. He shocks the townspeople as he rides past them. He rides past Ralph Wiggum.

RALPH: I like men now!

Bart skateboards through the town square.

AGNES SKINNER: Don't look where I'm pointing!

She points at Bart, her hand following his movement and conveniently covering his shame. Bart rides past Jimbo offering Dolph a cigarette; Otto throwing a frisbee; a remote control car; a flying dove; a sprinkler; a girl blowing bubbles; and some dandelions - all of which obscure his private parts. Then Bart passes a hedge with the bottom cut out and we, ahem, get to see his doodle...

After this he passes a police car which promptly follows him, siren blaring. Wiggum, Lou and Eddie are in the car.

WIGGUM: Stop in the name of American squeamishness!

Lou fires a gun from the car, taking out the skateboard's back wheel. Bart loses control, hits a kerb and goes flying past Hans Moleman in his truck (who screams). In Krusty Burger, Ned and his kids are about to eat.

NED: Boys, before we eat, don't forget to thank the Lord for this bountiful-- (Bart hits the window, sticking to it.) --penis?!

ROD & TODD: Bountiful penis.

TODD: Amen.

EXT. Krusty Burger, some time later. Lou and Eddie prise Bart off the window.

LOU: Uh, listen kid, nobody likes wearing clothes in public, but you know, it's... it's the law.

Bart pops off the window and Lou handcuffs him to a lamp post.

WIGGUM: Lunch time!

The cops head inside.

BART: You can't leave me out here!

LOU: Don't worry, we found a friend for you to play with.

He brings Nelson over.

NELSON: Ha ha! Ha ha! Ha ha! (fade to much later; Nelson is still going but is tired) Ha ha... Ha ha... Ha ha...

Nelson's mother appears.

MRS. MUNTZ: Nelson, honey, where have you been? (Nelson points at Bart) Ha ha! Ha ha! Ha ha!

Homer pulls up in the car.

BART: Dad!

HOMER: What seems to be the problem, officers?

BART: Tell them you dared me to do it!

WIGGUM: If that's true, then you should be taking the rap here, not your son.

HOMER: (getting out the car) And what happens to me if it's my fault?

WIGGUM: You'll have to attend a one hour parenting class.

HOMER: It was all his idea! He's out of control I tell ya! Oh, I'm at my wit's end! (sobs)

Bart is unhandcuffed and the cops leave.

WIGGUM: See you in court, kid.

Homer stops sobbing.

HOMER: Okay son, let's get some lunch.

BART: Did you at least bring my clothes?

HOMER: Shirt, socks, everything you need.

BART: You didn't bring my pants!

HOMER: Who am I, Tommy Bahama?

BART: Oh, this is the worst day of my life.

HOMER: The worst day of your life so far.

They go into Krusty Burger. Bart walks past Ned.

NED: Say, Bart.

BART: What do you want, Flanders?

NED: If you need pants, I carry and extra pair. I mean, you know how boys are, always praying through the knees.

BART: Why are you helping me? I'm not your kid.

NED: We're neighbours. I'm sure your father would do the same for my boys.

Homer steals the Flanders' kids' fries and takes Bart.

HOMER: Thank you.

Homer and Bart are at a table. We see an interior shot of Homer's mouth as he eats. Bart is angry.

HOMER: Hey, what's with you?

BART: (melancholy) You really wanna know?

HOMER: Of course I do. What kind of father wouldn't care about (sees something) a pig wearing a hat!

Krusty the Clown is filming a commercial.

DIRECTOR: Action!

KRUSTY: Hey hey! It's your old pal Krusty for my new pork sandwich, the clogger! If you can find a greasier sandwich, you're in Mexico! (he laughs then takes a bite of the sandwich) Mmm!

DIRECTOR: And... we're clear.

Krusty spits out the sandwich.

KRUSTY: Perfect. Cut, print, kill the pig.

A saw is held up to the pig. It squeals in terror.

HOMER: (gasps) What? You can't kill him if he's wearing people clothes!

The pig runs across to Homer, giving him a forlorn look. To the tune of 'Happy Together', Homer briefly imagines himself and the pig dancing in a field. He picks up the pig.

HOMER: You're coming home with me.

INT. Simpson kitchen. Maggie is playing the Baby Blast game she took from Bart earlier. Marge rearranges magnetic words on the fridge, from Grampa's outburst in church.

MARGE: A thousand eyes. What could that be?

GRAMPA: Hmm... I'm pretty sure a thousand... is a number.

Homer pokes his head round the door.

HOMER: Hey Marge! Isn't it great being married to someone who's recklessly impulsive?

MARGE: Actually, it's aged me horribly.

HOMER: Then say hello to the newest Simpson!

He brings the pig in. Marge looks at it's curly tail and gasps. The camera zooms in on the "twisted tail" magnets on the fridge.

MARGE: Homer! (Homer and the pig are sharing an orange potato chip) I believe what happened in church was a warning about precisely this! Please get rid of that pig!

HOMER: Oh, you're gonna love him! Look, he does and impression of you. (Homer pulls its tail and it squeals; Homer laughs) You nailed her. (Marge still looks worried) He also does me... (Homer squeezes him and he burps; Marge giggles) You smiled, I'm off the hook!

INT. Bart's bedroom, evening. Homer brushes the pig's hair into several different styles.

HOMER: Oh, you have so many looks.

He picks the pig up and walks out. Bart is in the tree outside the room. As he watches Homer leave, he sighs. A light is switched on in the Flanders' house. Ned tucks Rod and Todd into bed, kissing them on the forehead and vacuuming their sheets.

BART: (to himself) So that's what snug is.

HOMER: (in the bedroom again) Who's a good pig? (belly-kisses the pig) Who's a good pig? (belly-kisses the pig)

Bart prepares to use his slingshot on Homer.

NED: (from window) Rough day, huh son?

BART: You don't know what rough is, sister.

NED: (chuckles) Bart, you know, whenever my boys bake up a batch of "frownies", I take them fishing. Does your Dad every take you fishing?

Bart has a flashback of himself fishing with Homer. Homer plugs a bug-zapper into a battery.

BART: Dad, it's not fair to use a bug-zapper to catch the fish.

HOMER: If you love fish like I do, you want them to die with dignity.

He drops the bug-zapper in the water. It electrifies the whole lake and hundreds of fish float to the top.

HOMER: I think I have a nibble!

He reaches for a fish and is electrocuted. He manages to pull one out and is electrocuted again upon biting it. Back to the present.

BART: I think fishing might be more fun with you.

NED: Oh great! Now, how about I fix you some cocoa.

BART: No way, cocoa's for wusses.

NED: Well sir, if you change your mind, it's on the window sill.

Flanders sprays whipped cream on the top of a mug and places it on the sill. He adds a flake. Then grates some chocolate over it. Then sprays more whipped cream on the flake. Then sticks a marshmallow on the cream. Then takes a blow torch to the delicacy, browning the marshmallow. He leaves. Bart cautiously approaches, takes the cup and retreats to the other side of the garden. He takes a sip.

BART: Oh my God.

INT. Simpsons' hallway. Marge scrubs the pig tracks on the floor. Lisa is sitting on the stairs.

LISA: Oh wait, I didn't tell you the best part: he loves the environment. Ooh wait, I still didn't tell you the best part: he's got an Irish brogue! No no, wait wait, I still didn't tell you the best part: he's not imaginary!

MARGE: Aw honey, that's great! But the very best thing is that he listens to you. Because nothing means more than for a man to-- (looks up) how did the pig tracks get on the ceiling?

Homer is holding the pig upside down and running him back and forth along the ceiling. He sings to the tune of the Spider-Man theme.

HOMER: Spider-Pig, Spider-Pig,
Does whatever a Spider-Pig does,
Can he swing, from a web?
No he can't, he's a pig,
Look out! He is a Spider-Pig.

Marge looks on, blankly.

EXT. Springfield Lake. Bart and Ned are fishing.

BART: Are we having fun yet?

NED: We are now: you've got a bite!

BART: (trying to reel it in) Whoa, mama!

The fishing rod is pulled away from him; it falls into the lake.

NED: Oh no, my good pole!

Bart acts as if he's being strangled, then realizes he's not.

BART: Huh? You're not strangling me.

NED: What the-- Strangling's only good for... well, it's not good for anything. I think the only time you should lay hand on a boy is if you're giving him a good old pat on the back. (He reaches for Bart)

BART: Hey, what the Hell are ya-- (Ned pats him on the back) Ah. One more time.

As they have an emotional moment, we see pollution building up in the river. The camera pans across Krusty emptying a tanker of "Flop Sweat" into the lake, Crazy Cat Lady scrubbing cats on a washboard, and Moe dumping a truck full of bottles (and Barney).

BARNEY: Honey, I'm home!

He sinks. Lisa looks on, disgusted. She breaks her clipboard in anger.

EXT. Springfield Town Hall. A banner reads: "Lisa Simpson Presents: An Irritating Truth". Inside, Lisa, Colin and Mayor Quimby are on stage. A line-graph labelled "Pollution in Lake Springfield" is displayed on a projector screen. Colin is playing soothing music.

LISA: We're at the tipping point, people. If we don't do something now... (distracted by Colin) I'm sorry, I lost my train of thought. Isn't he dreamy?

QUIMBY: Agreed. (bangs hammer)

LISA: Okay, so here's the bottom line. If we don't change our ways right now, pollution in Lake Springfield will be at this level.

Lisa, on a scissor lift, tries to guesture to the top of the graph, but the platform only raises a short way.

LENNY: That's not so bad.

LISA: No, the lift is stuck!

She pulls a lever to try and raise it; it jumps up and down several times before crashing though the ceiling. She pokes her head down.

LISA: Am I getting through to anyone?

KRUSTY: Hell yeah! We need a new one of those things! (points to lift)

QUIMBY: All in favour of a new scissor lift, say "aye".

EVERYONE: Aye!

LISA: No! (brings the lift back down) This lake is just one piece of trash away from a toxic nightmare! But I knew you wouldn't listen. So I took the liberty of pouring water from the lake in all your drinking glasses.

Everyone has just taken a sip; they all spit out their green water simultaneously.

MOE: This is why we should hate kids.

QUIMBY: This is serious, people, No more dumping in the lake. I hereby declare a state of emergency. Code black!

Everyone gasps.

LENNY: Black? That's the worst color there is! No offense there, Carl.

CARL: I get it all the time.

A newspaper spins into view; it reads "Springfield Cleans Up Act", with the subheading "Pushy Kid Nags Town". We merge to a net fishing the paper out of the lake. Lenny and Carl plug a pipe from Springfield Nuclear Power Plant with a big cork. As they leave the lake, their overalls disintegrate. Many Springfieldians pick up litter from the lakeshore, while cranes drop concrete barriers along the edge. The mafia bring a body (wrapped up but with the feet sticking out) to dump; Chief Wiggum discourages them.

WIGGUM: Sorry, no dumping in the lake.

FAT TONY: Fine. I will put my "yard trimmings" in a car compacter. (They leave.)

LOU: Uh, Chief, I think there was a dead body in there.

WIGGUM: I thought that too, until he said "yard trimmings". Gotta learn to listen, Lou.

Quimby and some officials are by the new barrier.

QUIMBY: Let us now make sure this barrier is completely idiot-proof. (calls) Cletus!

CLETUS: Yes'm.

QUIMBY: Try to dump something in the lake.

CLETUS: Okay. (He produces a dead rat and heads towards the lake. He continually bumps into the barrier.) I can't. I simply can't.

The officials mutter acceptances.

OFFICIAL 1: Brilliant.

OFFICIAL 2: Very effective.

Simpson home. Homer and Spider-Pig are watching Bumblebee Man on television. He pays one peso for a kiss at a booth, but is kissed by a donkey.

BUMBLEBEE MAN: Ay ay ay! Un burro amoroso!

HOMER: (to Spider-Pig) Don't get any ideas. (nudging him) Heh?

They both laugh; Homer slides off the sofa onto the floor.

HOMER: Maybe we should kiss, just to break the tension.

MARGE: (entering) What's going on here?

HOMER: Nothing, nothing!

MARGE: I'm not sure that pig should be in the house. And by the way, what are you doing with his...leavings?

HOMER: Don't worry, I've devised a most elegant solution.

Outside, they look on at a large silo with a smiling pig face and "Pig Crap" handwritten on the side. It drips.

MARGE: Ugh, it's leaking!

HOMER: It's not leaking, it's overflowing.

MARGE: He filled up the whole silo in just two days?

HOMER: Well, I helped. (He heads back towards the house.)

MARGE: Homer, stop! I know it's easy for your mind to wander...

Inside Homer's head we see a monkey clapping cymbals.

MARGE: ...but I want you to really conventrate on me.

The monkey puts the cymbals down and points to Marge.

MARGE: I can't escape the feeling this is the crisis Grampa warned us about. You have to dispose of that waste properly.

HOMER: (solemnly) Okay Marge, I will.

MARGE: You can take Spider-Pig with you!

HOMER: He's not Spider-Pig anymore, he's Harry Plopper.

Homer pulls up outside the Hazardous Waste Treatment Center with the silo tied to the car roof. There is a long queue of cars in front. A phone rings the "Nokia theme"; Homer searches for it, then realizes the pig has swallowed it; he squeezes Plopper, who spits out the phone.

HOMER: (answering) Yello.

LENNY: (outside Lardlad Donuts) Homer, you gotta get over here. The health inspector just shut down the donut store and they're giving out free donuts!

HOMER: Oh my god oh my god oh my god! I just got one thing I gotta do first.

LENNY: Well you'd better hurry, they're goin' fast!

Wiggum passes by, biting on several donuts that are hooked over his gun. The gun goes off, shooting his hat.

WIGGUM: Whoa, that was close!

He returns to eating donuts off the gun. Back at the Treatment Center, Homer is anxious; he drives off and ends up at Springfield Lake. The lake is fronted by hundreds of "No Dumping" signs; Homer drives straight through them all, including running down Hans Moleman with a "You Suck" sign. He cuts the ropes on his car, dumping the silo into the lake. As it sinks, green bubbles start to appear and soon the whole lake is green and bubbling.

HOMER: Uh-oh.

In front of Homer, a skull-and-crossbones image forms in the water.

EERIE VOICE: Evil!

Homer runs to the car and jumps in the back seat. Plopper is in front of him.

HOMER: Drive, drive drive! (Plopper oinks) Oh, right.

He gets in the front and drives off. At the lakeshore, a racoon chases a squirrel into the toxic water. The squirrel emerges as a multi-eyed mutant with sharp teeth and chases the racoon away.

Bart and Ned are hiking near the lake. They reach the top of a hill.

FLANDERS: Look at that. You can see the four states that border Springfield: Ohio, Nevada, Maine and Kentucky.

BART: Oh yeah!

FLANDERS: If you look real close, you can almost-- yaah!

He spots the mutant squirrel, which is perched nonchalantly on a rock.

FLANDERS: This certainly seems odd... but who am I to question the work of the almighty? Oh, we thank you Lord for this might fine intelligent design. Good job!

We now see through the multiple eyes of the mutant as Bart approaches it, then pokes its eyes with a stick.

BART: Jab! Jab! Jab-jab-jab!

A voice calls from off-screen.

MALE EPA OFFICIAL: Hey! Jab one more eye, and it's a federal crime.

A female officer places the mutant in a container.

FLANDERS: Who are you?  

FEMALE EPA OFFICER: Environmental Protection Agency

The officers get into a van and drive off.

EXT. The White House. Inside, a man salutes an official and approaches reception, carrying the mutant.

CARGILL: Russ Cargill, head of the EPA. Here to see the President.

An security device scans his eyes, and then the many eyes of the mutant. He enters the Oval Office.

CARGILL: Mr. President.

The President is a McBain-esque Arnold Schwarzenegger.

SCHWARZENEGGER: Ya, that is me.

CARGILL: Pollution in Springfield has reached crisis levels.

SCHWARZENEGGER: Ugh, I hate this job. Everything's "crisi" this and "end of the world" that. Nobody opens with a joke. I miss Danny Devito.

CARGILL: You want a joke, huh? Stop me if you've heard this one. (lifts up the container with the mutant).

SCHWARZENEGGER: Aah! (looks closer) Look at those angry eyes, and giant teeth. It's like Christmas at the Kennedy compound.

CARGILL: You know sir, when you made me head of the EPA, you were applauded for appointing one of the most successful men in America to the least successful agency in government. And why did I take the job; 'cause I'm a rich man and wanted to give something back. Not the money, but something. So here is our chance to kick some ass for Mother Earth.

SCHWARZENEGGER: I'm listening.

CARGILL: Well, I've narrowed your choices down, the five unthinkable options. Each will cause untold misery--

SCHWARZENEGGER: I pick number three!

CARGILL: You don't even wanna read them first?

SCHWARZENEGGER: I was elected to lead, not to read. Number three!

EXT. Springfield. A shadow looms over the horizon. It passes over a bunch of people in a park, including Lenny, Carl, Gil and Arthur Crandall, Gabbo's puppeteer. Crandall's mouth gapes in horror; Gabbo's mouth falls off.

Milhouse uses his inhaler. As the shadow passes over, he swallows the it out of shock.

The shadow passes over Moe's Bar and Springfield Church (conveniently located next door to each other). Reverend Lovejoy and various church-goers rush outside, as do the barflies. Each group screams and runs into the opposite building - church-goers into Moe's and the barflies into the church.

We discover the shadow is an incredibly massive glass dome being carried over Springfield by helicopters, using suction cups on the end of rope. As it is lowered, it crushes the L in the giant SPRINGFIELD sign. At Springfield Elementary, the kids play outside. Martin Prince sits on a seesaw.

MARTIN: We're being sealed in a dome!

The edge of the dome lands on the opposite end of the seesaw and flies off to the other side of the playground, hitting the inside of the dome. A man stands on the road in panic.

MAN: What do I do, I don't know what to do! 'Cause if I stay I'm trapped, if I leave I'm alone! Oh god, in, out, in, out... I never saw Venice! I--

The man is crushed by the dome's edge. Cut to The Simpsons coming out of their house, mouths agape. The edge of the dome is right at the end of their garden; it crushed their fence. The helicopter release their grip on the dome. Marge spots "EPA" on the side of the helicopters.

MARGE: Epa! Epa! Trapped forever. It's all come true.

GRAMPA: That crazy old man in church was right!

Homer lets out a huge annoyed grunt...

HOMER: Dooooooooooooooome!

Springfieldians gather at the dome's edge. A van labelled "S.P.D. Hometown Security" approaches, and officers from Springfield Police Department emerge, with guns and protective gear.

WIGGUM: Alright men, open fire!

The officers shoot at the side of the dome but the bullets rebound and hit them.

WIGGUM: Who's hurt? Raise your hands. (they all groan) Without the attitude.

PROFESSOR FRINK: People, people! I have an important announcement. I have just perfected an acid-firing super-drill which can cut throough anything. (the crowd mutter excitedly) It's right there, just... outside of the dome...

Everyone groans. Sideshow Mel whacks the glass with his hair-bone.

SIDESHOW MEL: What ruthless mad men could have done this to us?

CARGILL: (off-screen) The United States Government! (he appears on a screen high up on the dome) My name's Russ Cargill, and I'm head of the EPA.

Everyone looks puzzled.

MOE: The what?

CARGILL: The Environmental Protection Agency.

LENNY: Come again?

CARGILL: Look, I' a man on a big TV, just listen. Springfield has become--

MAN: Whoo! Springfield!

CARGILL: --the most polluted city in the history of the planet.

KRUSTY: Drama Queen!

CARGILL: To prevent your poisons from spreading the goverment has sealed you all within this dome. Believe me, it's the last thing we wanted to do, I do own the company that makes the dome, but that's beside the point.

MOE: What are you telling us, that we're trapped like rats?!

CARGILL: No, rats can't be trapped this easily. You're trapped like... carrots!

LISA: Wait, wait! We couldn't be more polluted; everybody stopped dumping in the lake!

CARGILL: Apparently someone didn't get the message.

HOMER: (stepping away from Plopper) Act natural.

CARL: Hey, buddy, sooner or later, people are gonna come by and discover this!

CARGILL: Don't worry about that. We found a way to take you off the map.
